Apprentice ancestor
This forest is really your apprentice
Forestry is the apprentice of the ancestors
That forestry is the new lord
What the hell is going on?
I'll explain later.
What are you guys still doing?
Hold them both down for me
trial date
Executed to invite all victims to visit
And give me their private cards
Full compensation for all victims
Do as you're told.
What are you doing?
Let go of you
Let me go and I'll tell you
I am the eldest young master of the Lei family in Magic City
Bring the buns quickly
This is not to show yourself more than eight places
You let me go
Let go of me!
No wonder Kunlun's heart has never appeared
you
It is the Kunlun who is about to inherit the Kunlun David
Lord hahahaha
Haven't seen you for days
How did I hear about your in-laws?
I want a tiger appointment today.
You are the Lord of Kunlun
Ancestor
Is my disciple worthy of your granddaughter this time?
I deserve it.
Oh, it's really the Lord of Kunlun
You are really the Lord of Kunlun
I told you a long time ago, it's not that you don't believe it
And I thought I'd tell you the same thing today.
Did you know
What happened today scared me
It's not that you don't believe it
Today this is the Lord of Kunlun
And knocked over the corner
Mingyue, we still have a chance
Miss Wu is generous
Willing to give the Lord of Kunlun to Miss Wu
Or continue to choose the next one
Willing to be a wolf's husband for you
That being the case
The inheritance ceremony continues to burn incense